yeah so if you're trying to sell
something you're you're going to make a
claim where it's like I'm gonna sell you
this you're going to give me this but
I'm going to give you something more
valuable than what you gave to me in the
first place so you're you have to sell
asymmetric opportunities where it's like
I typically it works like I'm really
good at this I'll execute it for you in
exchange for this amount of money but my
execution of this with what you already
have is gonna make you way more than
what you paid me that's literally how a
business works that's exactly how client
Ascension also operates because we sit
here and it's like okay we sell someone
calling Ascension with a claim is that
you're gonna make way way more
and it works as evidenced if you go to
clientessential.com you opt in you look
at that all of the screenshots of people
making a lot of money like it works
right so it's pretty simple someone
comes in they have a B2B company they
sell their service to another business
that means they're a marketing agency
they're a consultant they're a
freelancer literally any kind of B2B
service we spin that we show them how to
spin up outbound campaigns
cold emails get the leads we're gonna
write the scripts for you we're going to
give you the leads we're going to give
you the software like fast like way
faster than any other person can do and
it just works like it just does and
that's the claim where it's like what
we're gonna do is you'll pay us this
much we will execute this for you here's
evidence that it works here's how fast
it's gonna work and then bam you do it
and it does and that's that's how you
have to do business you you have to give
somebody
you have to give them a result that is
more than what they invested what they
invest in this is what people don't
understand where it's like I'll get
people come in and they'll say yeah I
want to sign clients but I don't want to
I don't want to sit here and like do a
guarantee because like what if I don't
hit the numbers and it's like you sell
so you you charge someone like five
thousand dollars and then like you're
like an ad agency you're trying to do
ads for them they pay you five thousand
they spend ten thousand on ads they make
like 2 000 in sales they just lost so
much money you literally don't deserve
the five thousand dollars because you're
not capable of delivering them in
asymmetric offer like you you can't even
produce them the money so it's very
interesting which you have to have an
offer that works and that's that's the
barometer for who we let inside client
Ascension people might think like oh I
want to hop on a call with client
Ascension there and and they're gonna
just try to sell me it's like no what
we're doing on the sales calls is trying
to deduce what are you selling and we're
gonna tell you yes this works or no this
doesn't work we tell people all the time
no no you got to change this so we're
gonna leave you within with like an
actual Little consultative Instruction
to move forwards I think you need to do
this before you come over to Client
Center we're not going to Hard Sell you
if we don't think it's going to work
right I don't want you inside if it
isn't going to work